---
Author:
  - Vizuet Cruz Fernando Ivan
Course:
  - 3 - TypeScript Arays
Module:
  - 3.1 - Project Material
Lecture:
  - 3.1.1 - Project-Based Course Overview
Institution:
  - Coursera Project Network
Intructor:
  - Chaitra Deshpande
Level:
  - Intermediate
---
# Project-based Course Overview

# Welcome!

Welcome to **TypeScript Arrays***. This is a project-based course which should take approximately 2 hours to finish. Before diving into the project, please take a look at the course objectives and structure:
# Course Objectives

In this course, we are going to focus on the following **three** learning objectives:

1. Understand Arrays in TypeScript.
2. Learn Single and Two dimensional arrays and how to access them.
3. Write TypeScript code related to Arrays in TypeScript playground.

By the end of this course, you will be able to learn and understand in detail the core concepts of Arrays in TypeScript Programming Language.
# Course Structure

This course is divided into 3 parts:

1. Course Overview: This introductory reading material.
2. **TypeScript Arrays :** This is the hands on project that we will work on in Rhyme.
3. Graded Quiz: This is the final assignment that you need to pass in order to finish the course successfully.
# Project Structure

The hands on project on **TypeScript Arrays** is divided into following tasks:

1. Introduction to Arrays in TypeScript.
2. Array Declaration and Initialisation.
3. Access Array Elements.
4. Access Array Element using Loop.
5. Two Dimensional Arrays in TypeScript.
6. Access Two Dimensional Array Elements using indexes.
7. Access Two Dimensional Array using for loop.
8. Access Two Dimensional Array using for...in loop.
9. Array Methods.
# Meet the Instructor

Hello! I am Chaitra and I will be your instructor for this course.Teaching is my passion and my profession too. Although I started my career in teaching, I have worked for a few years in startups doing Web Development and Mobile Development. I have done my graduation and masters in Electronics and Communications (VLSI and Embedded Systems). In my career I have taught thousands of graduate and masters students.  

When I am not committed to any work, I enjoy learning new skills, writing knowledge based blogs and travelling.

> [!Message] ##### Welcome to the course!
## About workspaces

This course runs on Coursera's hands-on platform called Rhyme. On Rhyme, you do projects in a hands-on manner in your browser. You will get instant access to pre-configured cloud desktops that have all the software and data you will need. So, you can just focus on the learning. For this project, this means instant access to a cloud desktop with Python, Jupyter, and TensorFlow pre-installed.  

If you need help troubleshooting Rhyme, please refer to the [Coursera Help Center](https://learner.coursera.help/hc/en-us/search?query=rhyme&utf8=%E2%9C%93) for more information.
# Earn a Certificate

After you have completed the 'TypeScript Arrays' hands-on project, you will be able to assess your knowledge using an ungraded assignment. Once you are comfortable with the concepts, take the final quiz, score higher than 80% to [earn your certificate](https://learner.coursera.help/hc/en-us/articles/209819053-Get-a-Course-Certificate).

---
# Lecture link

1. [Project-based Course Overview](https://www.coursera.org/learn/typescript-arrays/supplement/MhGNK/project-based-course-overview)